Add missing page description metadata (#260)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/vcs/index.mdx

---
page_title: Connecting VCS Providers - Terraform Cloud
description: >-

>   Learn how to connect a version control system (VCS) to gain additional features
>   and better workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Learn how to connect a version control system (VCS) to your organization to integrate Terraform Cloud into your development workflow and access additional features. 
```
